dataset/masks/Aspidosperma tomentosum_1bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Aspidosperma tomentosum_2bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Aspidosperma tomentosum_3bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Bowdichia virgilioidesbmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Caryocar brasiliensis_1bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Caryocar brasiliensis_2bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Caryocar brasiliensis_3bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Caryocar brasiliensis_4bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Miconia rubiginosa_1bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Miconia rubiginosa_2bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Miconia rubiginosa_3bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Miconia rubiginosa_4bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Miconia rubiginosa_5bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Myrcia guianensis_1bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Myrcia guianensis_2bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Myrcia splendensbmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria ramiflora_1bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria ramiflora_2bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria torta_1bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria torta_2bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria torta_3bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria torta_4bmp2013.tensor
dataset/masks/Pterodon pubescensbmp2013.tensor
