dataset/masks/Aspidosperma tomentosum_1.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Aspidosperma tomentosum_2.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Aspidosperma tomentosum_3.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Bowdichia virgilioides.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Caryocar brasiliensis_1.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Caryocar brasiliensis_2.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Caryocar brasiliensis_3.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Caryocar brasiliensis_4.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Miconia rubiginosa_1.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Miconia rubiginosa_2.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Miconia rubiginosa_3.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Miconia rubiginosa_4.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Miconia rubiginosa_5.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Myrcia guianensis_1.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Myrcia guianensis_2.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Myrcia splendens.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria ramiflora_1.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria ramiflora_2.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria torta_1.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria torta_2.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria torta_3.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Pouteria torta_4.bmp2015.tensor
dataset/masks/Pterodon pubescens.bmp2015.tensor
